Add debug option to skip cursor-only updates while VRR is active (#1616)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Debug-Options.md

}
```

### `skip-cursor-only-updates-while-vrr`

<sup>Since: next release</sup>

> Forces the screen not to redraw at all from cursor input while vrr is active.
> 
> Useful for games where the cursor isn't drawn internally to prevent erratic vrr shifts in response to cursor movement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skips redrawing the screen from cursor input while variable refresh rate is active.

Useful for games where the cursor isn't drawn internally to prevent erratic VRR shifts in response to cursor movement.

Note that the current implementation has some issues, for example when there's nothing redrawing the screen (like a game), the rendering will appear to completely freeze (since cursor movements won't cause redraws).
```
